1. Strategic Planning: Collaborate on setting the vision, mission, and long-term goals of the business.

Vision: Long term security and trust of data.

Mission: What is your mission as Wallarm?

Long-Term Goals: What are your long term goals.

2. Operations Management: Oversee day-to-day operations to ensure smooth functioning and organizational efficiency.

Operations Management. The generic method of running a business has layers and there is a model for shared resources of the profit of al employees. Our company has to be able to use a blend of both. In fact, I propose something called organizational re-shifting where we can take a business that runs in layers and morph it into one that shares resources and be able to transform it back. This might be experimental and the main benefit of this is valuing the employees contribution to the company.

Organizational efficiency. Obviously, someone that is skilled in being a doctor isn't going to change their field when they are successful unless they need a short break from their career.

3. Financial Oversight: Manage budgeting, funding, and financial planning to maintain a healthy financial status.

Main: Use tools to operate on the finances in the beginning.

Body: Hire an expert in finance later.

4. Marketing and Sales: Develop strategies to promote services or products, attract customers, and close sales.

Marketing: Try and find connections where the company can do one on one interactions than start attracting more clients through events that are selective.

Sales: Client to client meetings that are free and inclusive in the beginning.

5. Innovation and Development: Drive the research and development of new products or services to stay competitive.

People: People have inherit drive and self interest which motivates them beyond money. Hire these people and give them sufficient resources to reach their goals whether financial or not.

Research: Actual ground breaking scientific research that inherently motivates employees are the best because having been in their shoes for little while, it is mentally exhausting to push the limits of human knowledge given very little funding. Commercial research with a vested interest in science as well as providing a new product for the line of profit is demanding because we need results as soon as possible. Are the researchers willing to admit defeat and start over or are they starting over without giving a fair chance? What actually motivates a researcher to take a product to the grave if they believe it is worth it? Is a patent another rip off or is it an actual patent that gets us to a line of profit?

6. Human Resources: Handle recruitment, training, and employee management to build a capable team.

Eye for talent comes from working hard, smart work, and taking risks. You are going to fail period. You are going to have people talk behind your back and enemies waiting to gang up on you at any sign of weakness but you are also motivating people to stand up for you.

Training. Obviously employees need to learn the ropes of how the company operates and how their position works, however, when the trainer leaves, is the employee positively adding or multiplying any value at all to the company?

7. Client Relations: Maintain and foster good relationships with clients, partners, and stakeholders.

Obviously everyone comes with issues no matter. Exhibit A, partner is really good at their jobs but has a bad reputation. If you ever started at the bottom, you would know that people have issues. Are we taking the social ladder away from someone or are we kicking it down for someone who is actually worth the trouble.

8. Legal and Compliance: Ensure that the business complies with laws and regulations governing its operations.

At the end of the day, finding quality lawyers comes with experience. You don't need to understand what it takes to have a career in being a lawyer but you should understand that their are a lot of risks involved. At the end of the day, a clean court is the best court but it doesn't always start out that way. A company with no lawyers probably has products and/or people that are truly good on their own but didn't realize it was going to become a good company. 


